Update Documentation for GCP Static Account (#12027)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/gcp.mdx

    https://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/gcp/roleset/my-token-roleset
```

## Create/Update Static Account

| Method | Path                        |
| :----- | :-------------------------- |
| `POST` | `/gcp/static-account/:name` |

This method allows you to create a static account or update an existing static account. See [docs](/docs/secrets/gcp#bindings) for the GCP secrets backend

> to learn more about what happens when you create or update a roleset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to learn more about what happens when you create or update a static account.
```

> **If you update a roleset's bindings, this will effectively revoke any secrets
> generated under this roleset.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you update a static account's bindings, this will effectively revoke any secrets
generated under this static account.**
```

### Parameters

> - `name` (`string: <required>`): Required. Name of the role. Cannot be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` (`string: <required>`): Name of the static account. Cannot be updated.
```

Required is redundant (same for the roleset create/update docs).

> - `secret_type` (`string: "access_token"`): Type of secret generated for this role set. Accepted values: `access_token`, `service_account_key`. Cannot be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `secret_type` (`string: "access_token"`): Type of secret generated for this static account. Accepted values: `access_token`, `service_account_key`. Cannot be updated.
```

### Sample Payload

```json
{
  "secret_type": "access_token",
  "service_account_email": "example@mygcpproject.iam.gserviceaccount.com",
  "bindings": "...",
  "token_scopes": [
    "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform",
    "https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery"
  ]
}
```

#### Sample Bindings:

See [bindings format docs](/docs/secrets/gcp#bindings) for more information.

```hcl
resource "//cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/mygcpproject" {
  roles = [
    "roles/viewer"
  ],
}

resource "//bigquery.googleapis.com/projects/my-project/datasets/mydataset" {
  roles = [
    "roles/bigquery.dataViewer"
  ],
}

resource "https://selflink/to/my/resource" {
  roles = [
    "project/mygcpproject/roles/projcustomrole",
    "organizations/myorg/roles/orgcustomrole"
  ],
}
```

### Sample Request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    --header "X-Vault-Token: ..." \
    --request POST \
    --data @payload.json \
    https://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/gcp/static-account/my-token-account
```

## Rotate Static Account Key (`access_token` Static Account Only)

| Method | Path                            |
| :----- | :------------------------------ | ------------------- |

> | `POST` | `/gcp/static-account/:name/rotate-key` | `204 (empty body)`` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `POST` | `/gcp/static-account/:name/rotate-key` | `204 (empty body)` |
```

Reviewer: There are a couple of other places with an extra backtick similar to here.

Author: I've fixed those that I have found.

### Parameters

- `roleset` (`string:<required>`): Name of an roleset with secret type `access_token` to generate access_token under.
- `static-account` (`string:<required>`): Name of the static account with secret type `access_token` to generate access_token under.

> ### Sample Request

Author: I've updated the examples.
